[WIP]OSDOCS-18468: Provide an option to trigger an image rebuild (#111103)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/kmm-forcing-module-image-rebuilds.adoc

When KMM builds a kmod image in-cluster, it first checks if the target image already exists in the registry. If the image exists, KMM skips the build. However, when using an image registry with ephemeral storage, a restart, node drain, or rollout can delete the registry contents.

You can force Kernel Module Management (KMM) to reverify and rebuild module images when using ephemeral image registries by using the `imageRebuildTriggerGeneration` counter field in the `Module` and `ManagedClusterModule` CRs. This is useful when images no longer exist in the registry even though KMM assumes they do. When this counter's value changes, the system automatically clears cached image statuses and reverifies the image existence, potentially triggering rebuilds.

.Procedure

. Increment the counter value for `spec.imageRebuildTriggerGeneration`, for example, from `1` to `2`, as shown in the following `Module` example. 
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: kmm.sigs.x-k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Module
metadata:
  name: my-kmod
spec:

>   imageRebuildTriggerGeneration: 1

Author: @TomerNewman @ybettan I changed the value here to `2`, to better illustrate the concept.

Reviewer: I would also say that setting `imageRebuildTriggerGeneration` to 1 also triggers the image re-verification

Author: @TomerNewman Made a change in the text on line 18 to address this.

  moduleLoader:
    container:
      modprobe:
        moduleName: my-kmod
      kernelMappings:
        - regexp: '^.+$'
          containerImage: my-registry/my-kmod:${KERNEL_FULL_VERSION}
          build:
            dockerfileConfigMap:
              name: my-kmod-dockerfile
  selector:
    node-role.kubernetes.io/worker: ""
----
+

> Changing this value triggers KMM to compare it against the value stored in `status`. If KMM detects that the value differs from the `status` value, it clears all cached image statuses and reverifies that images actually exist in the registry. If the images are missing, KMM rebuilds them.

Author: @TomerNewman I don't see a `status` field in this CRD. Do we need to add it?

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need. This is mainly the user's input which is the .spec.

> . Specify a value for `spec.moduleSpec.imageRebuildTriggerGeneration` as shown in the following `ManagedClusterModule` example.

Author: @TomerNewman I'm not sure about this step. Can we clarify?

Reviewer: maybe something like:
In a hub & spoke topology, the `imageRebuildTriggerGeneration` field works the same way with the `ManagedClusterModule` CR.
Set or increment the `spec.moduleSpec.imageRebuildTriggerGeneration` field in the `ManagedClusterModule` resource on the Hub cluster to trigger image re-verification and rebuild on the managed spoke clusters.

Author: See @ybettan comment below about removing the MCM example.

> . Specify a value for `spec.moduleSpec.imageRebuildTriggerGeneration` as shown in the following `ManagedClusterModule` example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if the `imageRebuildTriggerGeneration` isn't set, one can set it  as shown in the following `Module` example.
```

Let's keep the second example as a module as well just with setting the new field in case it wasn't set before the re-trigger.

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: hub.kmm.sigs.x-k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: ManagedClusterModule
metadata:
  name: my-mcm
spec:
  moduleSpec:
    imageRebuildTriggerGeneration: 1
    selector:
      node-wants-my-mcm: 'true'
  spokeNamespace: some-namespace
  selector:

>     wants-my-mcm: 'true'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
apiVersion: kmm.sigs.x-k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Module
metadata:
  name: my-kmod
spec:
  imageRebuildTriggerGeneration: 1
  moduleLoader:
    container:
      modprobe:
        moduleName: my-kmod
      kernelMappings:
        - regexp: '^.+$'
          containerImage: my-registry/my-kmod:${KERNEL_FULL_VERSION}
          build:
            dockerfileConfigMap:
              name: my-kmod-dockerfile
  selector:
    node-role.kubernetes.io/worker: ""
```

Reviewer: @ybettan why Instead of `ManagedClusterModule` you suggested `Module`?

Reviewer 2: When reading this PR, it seems that:
1. If the `imageRebuildTriggerGeneration` is set - bump it in the `Module`
2. If it is not set, set it in the `ManagedClusterModule`
which is confusion.

I would leave the MCM out for now and just give 2 examples, one bumping the version, the other setting it in case it is not set (both in the `Module` CR).

Reviewer: - MCM is part of the feature, IMO we should add something like what I suggested [here](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/111103/changes#r3186638411)
- Both of the examples here are the same, if we want one in case it is not set, shouldn't we leave it without the field?

Author: @TomerNewman @ybettan I actually switched the steps to show setting the value if no value is set in the first step and bumping the value in the second step. That makes more sense to me. WDYT?

Reviewer: Looks good IMO, as said [here](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/111103#discussion_r3202889443) I think the user needs to know that the initial setting also triggers the re-verification
